hello this is Matthew Shirley from
Shirley Good Growing today I'll be showing
Shirley Good Growing, today I'll be showing
you how to repot a plant. when you
purchase a plant from our store you'll
want to repot it to give it room to grow
and to prevent root
and to prevent root.
rot first we're going to fill in the
bottom of this
pot to give the plant a base to sit
on then we're going to want to take out
the plant from its original from
the plant from its original or from
what it came from the
store
carefully then we're going to want to
rest it inside and for these merry golds
I'm going to do two of them because it
will look better
so looking
here this might be enough soil at the
bottom yes so now you're going to want
to start filling in the rest of the pot
around the
plant and you're going to want to try to
make it so it's the same level as it was
before
that's all you need to do to repot your
plant i hope this you'll be able
to I hope you'll be able to repot your
plants you purchase from our green
houses and if you have other questions
or concerns contact us on our web page